minimax:
In Condorcet, your sincere vote is A>B>C. In the Better Choices system, it's more specifically A>B, A>C, and B>C (you vote in each individual matchup). Nodes are based on election states, with <A->B|B->C|C->A>, for example, representing all elections with A beating B by the smallest margin, B beating C by a larger margin, and C beating A by the largest margin. If a Condorcet winner exists, then they win. Otherwise, the candidate with the weakest loss (in the provided case, this would be B).
All insincere deviations are reversing your votes to B>A, C>A, or C>B. Such manipulations by a large coalition can either weaken "concordant" (matching your true preferences) matchups or strengthen "discordant" matchups. The cases where this can be optimal exist in exactly two cyclic nodes (gates), with four additional nodes having a path to these gates.

IRV:
In IRV (Ranked-Choice Voting), we identify nodes via an ordering of first place votes alongside an underlying tournament (given that first place votes are not necessarily predictive of pairwise competence--in Burlington 2009, Kurt Wright had the most votes despite losing both matchups). Such as <X<Y<Z | X->Y, Y->Z, X->Z>. The winner is Y if Y->Z else Z (simulating X being eliminated and the votes transferring to form a pairwise check). Your sincere vote is A>B>C, which is interpreted as increasing A's active votes and contributing to the "tournament" for A>B, A>C, and C>A. Similar to the Condorcet model, we allow manipulations to the tournament (making "concordant" matchups "discordant"), as well as manipulations to the active votes. Deviations to active votes would involve changing your first choice to a different candidate. This can have two affects: (1) A can lose enough votes to drop below the next candidate with fewer votes. (2) If B and C are adjacent in scores, voting sufficiently for the one with fewer votes can swap their place in scores. Despite first choice votes being correlated with pairwise dominance, we generously decouple active votes from the tournaments in terms of deviations, as there can be elections where a manipulation to one might not affect the other. By doing so, we can see all possible cases of manipulations under optimal conditions for a manipulative coalition (a worst-case for the system).

STAR:
This is very similar to the IRV model. We have a decoupled "votes" (score) metric for each candidate along with a tournament structure. Nodes are still of the form <X<Y<Z | X->Y, Y->Z, X->Z>, and the decision rule is still the same (Y if Y->Z else Z).
In this case, we assume that a manipulative coalition prefers A>B>C and are sincerely voting 5-x-0, for some 0<x<5 that might vary from voter to voter. To show the real presence of strategy in STAR voting, we provide the most generous possible map of deviation. The A>B>C voters can all change their ballots to 5-4-0 (increasing B's total stars), 5-1-0 (all burying B to starve them of stars), or (x+1)-x-0 (moving A down to starve them of stars). These manipulations all preserve the tournament structure perfectly, but allow the coalition room to manipulate the runoff. The only swap of adjacent scores this cannot achieve is to move A above C if s(C)>s(A) are adjacent in total stars. These moves give STAR a greater set of possible manipulations than IRV: By flooding B or starving A/B of stars, they can make any adjacent swap of total scores except for C right above A, while entirely maintaining the tournament structure margins perfectly.